[Music]
let's see how the atmosphere is around here
And it's that Consuelo has
reacted well This is a reaction
of Consuelo reacting to Loli
insulting him she's reacting to me
reacting to Consuelo reacting to
a space okay And that's January that's how it is January is how it is is how it is is how it is
okay This is how it is is how it is
The Movida in January that I joined you guys to the
live Thank you very much Carmen
honey I mean Consuelo there's going to be a
live show of Loli reacting to me that I
'm reacting to Consuelo that Conso
is reacting in space Loli you
wanted to buy people's opinions
when you heard that the opinion
given on those channels convinced you you
spent money but be careful not to say
anything that was contrary what
happened to you when Marina and y
exposed the truths and things I still don't
understand why
this is being debated Well yes I understand why it's being
debated it's being debated
Because there are still people who come out to
defend to try to sell the story
to defend  to this lady that what is it that
Loli la la Def fenestram
because she gave us money, how are you
saying that? If everything is
chronologically public and
you didn't like the news because you were spending money
to buy the opinions of youtubers
to support your
favorite youtuber, that's what you were doing.
Why was Loli
so so, let's see, like a big follower
of Antonio David so much, it's s s s eh
No, what you do is yours is the one that
isn't legal, having that money, absorbing
your audience at the level that you're
absorbing it so you can have more money
and more whims in your house, but because
that's not for me. So you're
telling me that I have a lot of
money to absorb more whims in my
house. But if it's already been said, and we've been
showing the bills that the
cash is going to go solely and exclusively to
expenses, of that issue, the cash is not going to
go, it's for the cash, but if the cash is not going to
go to something else, I mean, I have my,
my salary, my members, my visit, do you
understand? I mean  the box is
exclusively for
judicial proceedings both to fight with this
thing that Juan is doing to me and to
report Oli more and the
other more and others you see that always those
who complain about the box are those who
are related to their destiny
because you are a scammer and a liar
and above all if you are not that if you are not what you
are is a stalker who is
using your audience to
pay you to threaten people one of
them so I can tell you okay
Ah okay you can tell me okay
family freedom of expression freedom
of expression the thing next door that
bad bug I am a bad bug Well be careful
not to get bitten by Loli be careful
not to get bitten by this bug next door
we are going to leave it because eh For that I no longer
have there is no eh word How are you going to
have a word if you don't have a dictionary
How are you going to have words if you don't even know how to
express yourself it's impossible for you to have words
to qualify you only have
insults that can eh refer to is that thing
you have next to you okay eh that thing
you have next to you eh it's the same it's not worse
than you  and next to her she has someone who
should take care of themselves in fact maybe that's why she's
not in this live stream she should
take care of herself a little more and how embarrassing
this is to me that to
answer this I have to be eh this
[ __ ] that you have next to you this [ __ ]
that you have next to you well very
easy Loli if you're embarrassed to have
that [ __ ] that you have next to you who's
supposed to be me be brave Loli say my
name that I'm naming you Loli hit the
floor flowers be brave I just
need you to say my name and keep
accusing me like that say my name Loli and if you don't
want me to be next to you then don't
put on Javi's live stream Because this
is really a [ __ ] This is really a
[ __ ] This girl has no limits and well
when you know him you
can't imagine the limits that
I have Loli but you can't
imagine if I didn't have
limits how would you all be but
all eh Loli we all see where the
known never really because what we
do know is that he  Lucecita really
likes it again that you don't know
where my husband met me that you never know you will
never know what you
really know but not only is she
calling him a [ __ ] eh my goodness
Loli man Loli is amazing eh I mean
I don't know if it's that I don't understand the truth,
what this lady is doing is that I try to
understand it and look for a justification
but of course I don't understand it I mean Loli
is not only calling
the boss a [ __ ] but she's calling the
boss a [ __ ] and telling Consuelo that of course
Consuelo is a [ __ ] well she's telling her
that she met her there it's that my husband
likes places with little lights how
tremendous for me the only lights that
have illuminated me since I was 14 are those
of the hairdresser how tremendous man they are
the only lights that have illuminated me
Loli where do you come from Loli it's that
tremendous it's that tremendous man the
things that
and justice how slow it is man
Well it's that she tells us that it's that she's
suing already  is that this one is
suing us tell us well we can't sue her
no no she's trying to command It's that she doesn't care It's that
Joana Morillas
gave her a penalty the aunt doesn't show up
the aunt I don't know what And so that I wouldn't
miss them maybe she put them
on the chair so that I wouldn't
miss them maybe she put them on the chair
Ah How funny okay This is really something to
show it not even
on a channel even on mine which look how
low eh look how low mine is well no
yours is not that it's below yours it's that it
's degrading your channel doesn't have a
category or low your channel is
degrading and what is a shame is
that YouTube continues to allow to have a
channel like yours on this platform but we'll
see how long the networks last
for you
Loli what you have next to you is
shameful Mr. Javier Oliveira that you
have
such a being Now I'm not going to say anything I
'm going to leave you wanting but to think about it
eh And what a shame he had to sell
leave everything and run away  eh
change I had to sell
leave everything and run away and
change and it's a shame to
come to my country Loli say my name
sweetheart say my
name that I don't want money Loli I
don't want money to change that place
because if not locked up in the house locked up
in the house thank God nobody here here
nobody and everyone can see it on
my social networks what an outrage outrage
outrage we went to
Portugal we went to Seville we
went up and down
locked up Nothing for some reason he doesn't show up
How do you defend yourself from these things
Alexander now but you have to pay son I
mean if you do these things you have to
pay before the law what you don't want is that I do
n't understand is that no, I don't
really get it with this lady I don't know the day
a sentence will come or something I don't know the
truth Then I will understand something where
you came from Loli because you have no
category nor to come out of a place of
little lights who knows where you came from who
knows that I would ask myself who knows
where Mrs. Loli
Huertas Antonio David came from  He must be
very happy, right, of the [ __ ] he's
left us here on YouTube, he sees him
enjoying everything he has behind him,
the people who support him. This is the
inheritance, the [ __ ] that Antonia has left us,
it's that she hasn't even
disassociated herself from this lady, eh, I mean, she
came out one day to defend her, to throw
the truckload of [ __ ] at the rest of us, but
then over time she hasn't said, Hey,
look, Sorry, I was wrong, I'm disassociating myself
from this woman, we're going to close your
channel. Of course I'm going to do it,
of course I'm going to move. Of
course, because I don't want money, I'm
only going to ask that you be banned from having
social networks in every way, I don't want a
penny, I don't want anything, I
just want you to stop doing the
[ __ ] you're doing,
denigrating, inventing, and everything you
're doing. And the one who is
informing you, don't lie, don't lie, do
n't want to cover the sun with a finger
because it can't be done with a finger because it can't be
equated. The lawyer Anton
also defended Lolin. Yes, but that
man won't know.  These internet things wo
n't be there, man, he won't move on networks
or anything like that, that man won't know
things, I don't care about your dirty money,
if you have it because I doubt it very much,
if he does have it, the money looks good, and you
look very little, it's that we'll see,
no, because when the trials and all that are over, of
course, she has to take responsibility,
or imagine that suddenly we
find ourselves with a surprise that the
colleague tells you, no, no, it's not that I'm
insolvent, I don't have money, can you
imagine what that's going to be like? I want them to
take away all your social networks and I'm
going to go all the way, and these clips
are going to be where they have to be, they
won't take them away from you on social networks,
even if you insult, and even if the network is like, let's see, they
can condemn you to
insults, they can condemn you to, let's see,
you have to be a very, very, very
tough thing for them to take away your
social networks, I mean, they can give you a lot of
criminal sentences, even, no, because what you
're saying, I think what
Loli is saying is already insults, eh, I
mean, I've put it on her  civil because I'm not
going to take the risk but but I think that
what Loli is saying is already
insults no I mean all day yelling
at the camera telling this woman's husband
that he is a [ __ ] and that she is
the [ __ ] That she met there I don't know at what
point they would be considered insults the
truth I tell you one thing Trend I went
against a baby v and a wallapop which are
institutions and I won I'm going after you
the boss can tell me whatever he wants but
I'm going after you Oh consuelo filed a
lawsuit against Wal poop her manuem my eh It's
that I don't care about money really because it's that I don't give a
damn about money
because I earn my own money but you're
not going to say Neither you nor your friend nor
anyone is going to say that the boss
found me he took me from a place of
little lights or even give it to understand it's that chela and you're going to have to prove that I came to my land Because I had to run away I don't care about money but you're not going to keep saying that on social networks I'm going to  put
all the wood on the grill I don't know I don't know what it's
going to cost me I don't know how long it's
going to take I don't know if someone else will
get it first but I'm going to
fight to get it Of course I'm
not going to sit idly by Of
course not you know This is
the moral character of those of me who
reveal my balls This is the
character this is the image the image of
me who reveal my balls yes Loli yes the balls eh
the balls Well yes I'm going to ask for it
judicially
and And evidently this cannot be
allowed for her to remain so calm is that
not And to all this the l because
you are very brave that you do the
live streams and then you delete them or you take them off
or I don't know what the hell you are Look at
the truth that you will be telling Because
if I say that about someone And I know it's
true and I can prove it I won't remove
the live stream, I
mean These are clicks that
horus uploads to Twitter and Loli Deletes them she
deletes those live streams or I mean this same thing that  we
are seeing now of Ella telling
Consuelo and her husband about the puy club or
rather she deletes it she finishes the live and
deletes it So she is not so calm no
but not because she can prove it or she
cannot prove it but she is not
so calm with the issue of the
complaints it seems to you
T that I have had to look if I say
something about alui and what I say is true
I do not remove the live I did not know And that
a c that I deleted but a big one
eh lolilo Thank you very much for that
I did not know that YouTube deleted them upload it
man I imagine that they will not be able to
upload it I imagine eh that if they remove it I
already do not know how that will work I say what
I am going to ask then what they
give me is another story of course eh Pilar
RG Thank you very much you have all my support and
from my community you gave them to
us Knowing what was going to fall on you
but yes Pilar but look at that I do
not think eh Because if I had to
think about what is going to fall on me what is not going to fall on me
Then it is  that we wouldn't
talk and when I see an
injustice I don't care what color it is I mean I
come to refer It's that I
defend what I believe in what I
see coherent and I support what I see
coherent and video I mean video is
even worse because video is recorded and
premeditated I mean it's worse when you
express yourself Let's see, the thing with Loli noene
doesn't make any sense at any time but
well, the fact that you make a
mistake in a live broadcast is more justified than
in an edited video period eh And if they have to beat you up
for that Well,
I know that I know why
Pilar is doing it if they want to see
Javi alone I mean they're going after Carmen they're going
after me eh they went for Elena one
day they went for Alazne they
went after Javi's moderators eh today you
have seen it in the video that is uploaded on
the main channel I have shown you
how to your face Tania pm okay Tania
Palacio those of the right to honor eh it's that I do
n't know but  all over her
face one day she goes and does a live broadcast
saying the moderator from Mexico of Javi
is a prostitute there in Mexico Karime and she
laughs her ass off you know like saying
Look I'm going to do this because she's not going to
come to Spain to report me or she'll
think so or whatever but she goes and says
Ah I'm going to drop this here and [ __ ] off
have you seen that in the video that I
uploaded in the video that the video that I
uploaded on the main channel is eh
tremendous eh And it's been like a little
summary eh it's been like a little
summary eh of Tania I think there will be a
video on the main channel well eh Well well well
well of everything I think
you don't even remember the things that she's been
letting out with that little mouth and the things
that she's been doing and Knitting to
climb eh because in the end it's about climbing
and feeling part of something what
Karimi does or rather all over her face opening a live broadcast
and saying well they told me that she's a
prostitute there in Mexico but like that
because it occurred to you that you're going to
use your your  Twitter to defame Hello, they
want to see him alone and the anger they
have is that for FJ they have gone for
everyone and the anger they have is that
Javi No, no, he is not alone We are still there
we have to do a
Corrillo eh By the way, eh man, tomorrow What
is it Tomorrow is Tuesday not tomorrow alone these
people let's see if they can do a Corrillo
but
listen to me tomorrow I know these people let's see if
we can do a Corrillo because I think
I have the gym at 6 So
calm down chill at 9 or 10 I'm going to tell them
if they can do the Corrillo Manuela
share the video on the main channel
eh share the video on the main channel
and I was going to say something but I don't remember
Okay yeah, that's not it's not just that they
attack everyone
around me but when they attack them it
's not because of problems they have with them
because I've seen many times when they
start debating, messing with FJ
Not because they don't like FJ talking about
things or whatever and they attack FJ
but on my behalf Yeah  because Javi Because
Javi tells you or Javi you are it's as if they
fight with FJ through me as if I
were in charge of FJ or or or scripting their
content it's like I don't even
have a relationship with FJ of talking
daily a lot like for example maybe
with Triun C I talk more or with Marina you
understand I mean with FJ I have a
cordiality of many years He was my
editor he was my editor FJ has edited
many videos the gin no ver wano he
edited it he he has edited many videos
of the kids he was my editor it happens
that later he didn't want to edit us anymore and
and shur I think he also edited
uncle shur it happens that he didn't want to edit
us anymore because he wanted to be a youtuber
okay but I have an agreement with him he
is not a friend To the one who I tell anything or
anything like that you understand and he does
n't tell me what he's going to upload or what he's
not going to upload I mean if it were up to me
many times I wouldn't have given the ball
to many people that he  it gives him no I
can't do that I don't command You don't know but it
's like many times it's to access
me You know I many times what I feel is that it
's because of hatred towards me or or because it's
eh or to access me or to hit
me or I mean for example yes yes I have the
support okay Not only the people who
collaborate with me but the
community Well who do I attack yes yes
Javi is going to give a [ __ ] what I
say well I'm going to attack Consuelo and I'm going to take away
support from her I'm going to attack alne and I'm going to
take away support from her you understand so that
people don't dare to defend me and
when Javi calls us for the Corrillo
if one day he calls us well We will continue to be there
and I know that we have to receive
all this because I really with this
woman It's that I haven't gotten involved or rather this
woman is messing with me because
Javi is reacting to a live broadcast of mine
and what is the consequence Well let
Loli Huertas come and tell me that my
husband is more taken from a place of
lights or that my husband has come
here because he has a warrant
estrangement that neither exists nor is it
known or anything that my husband has a
fabricated sentence because he is making all of that up
then
m thanks to Javi we have met you
many Of course yes of course yes it is that
I have to be grateful to Javi
and that also pisses him off and that
pisses him off or rather it pisses him off everything that has to do
with Javi
even if it is the smallest it pisses them off But
well here we are eh that neither Carmen is
going to blackmail her head nor am I going to
blackmail my head that we are going to continue with
our beliefs carrying our
channels as we want that we see
fit and that's it and there is no more and that is what we are
going to do
tremendous everyone everyone
So the only thing I am going to ask for is
that please I am going to ask for
precautionary measures is that I am very clear I am going
to ask for precautionary measures until
what has to be celebrated is celebrated
that this woman cannot have the
open channel, in other words, above all
precautionary measures what a deception the blue tide What a
shame eh with how beautiful Mara del
mar was and then let whatever has to happen happen
but  that I don't want money from
this woman Dirty money for these things
no I don't want money for me to pay
the BB when they scammed me that the money
was mine but I don't want money from
this woman that is the least of my
concerns if she has it She doesn't have it nor do I
want it nor do I want it now what she can't be
allowed to do is what she's
doing and Valentina Good
afternoon everyone Hey the other day the Indian came in
and those who come to tell me if
I'm drunk if I don't know what Yeah man and he
was banned I think that because I
went over so much when the Tania thing that I
think they banned a lot of these
positions up to their asses when they come in to
say more nonsense well Ah there it is, I'm
not surprised that
when Loli says something outrageous I'm not
surprised anymore it's like the least he
handles the Indian didn't come in here and I
was like saying what the Indian does Sorry
the least he handles he made a
mistake or
what Hello, what did he tell you that he takes cocaine
Good afternoon Joana Franco Good afternoon
Well yes  The other day I was at a
premiere and they were throwing me the Indian. I
said, "What are you doing here, mother?"
[Music]